---
title: About us
layout: page
level2_title: About studio
---

Gloria Dancing Studio appeared in September, 2004, when we received a
first training hall and the first students appeared. On November 9,
2007 the studio has overcome a new birth. We have changed the "place
of residence", made some changes in the concept, membership and kind
of activity. Even the name has changed. Instead of the original name
"Gloria d'Amore" we now use a more suitable name for our activities,
just "Gloria".

The studio works in some different directions of dancing. First of all
we have the ensemble, performing scenic irish dancing, celtic dancing
and European Renaissance dancing. And secondly we have the school of
traditional irish dancing, students of which participate in
championships and get rewards.

From the very beginning of it's activity, the studio is an active
participant of various arrangements and festivals, held in Belarus,
Russia, Poland, Ukraine and Germany. The studio holds solo concerts,
participates and wins various contests, arranges masterclasses and
dancing evenings. Since 2007 Gloria is a member of the World Irish
Dancing Association (WIDA), and our students often are the winners of
irish dancing championships. Also the studio is a host of the Minsk
Open Feis annual championships. The age groups in the studio vary,
there is a place for anyone - those who have just got 4 years old, and
those whose age is over 30 years old. In common, the studio has
gathered a proud and harmonious collective.
